Hey.
Zhang Liang, you two go find a safe place.
I'm going after him.
Hi.
A long time to see people.
Or is Zhang Liang a good friend of mine, and he obviously wants me to die knowing that an assassin doesn't dare kill you, what the hell does he know?
It's not that he was threatened.
When the Yunhai project is over, I won't play with him anymore.
Mr. Yang, why did you stop my brother?
Is that what my brother said?
How can I hire a killer?
I used my job to ask for help.
You're talking about Truong Dung, right?
General Director Shen just told me that he will help you solve this problem.
There's no blood.
The murderer didn't run, still here, slave.
Change the position of the cat and mouse
Let s see where you run.
Is it your turn?